Outlook SSO event-based activation sample (#487)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/auth/Outlook-Add-in-SSO-events/README.md

1. Find the `<WebApplicationInfo>` section near the bottom of the manifest. Then, replace the `Enter_client_ID_here` value, in both places where it appears, with the application ID you generated as part of the app registration process.

    > Note: Make sure that the port number in the `Resource` element matches the port used by your project. It should also match the port you used when registering the application.

1. Save your changes.

### Update .ENV

1. Open the **.ENV** file.
1. Replace the `Enter_client_ID_here` placeholder value with the application ID you generated as part of the app registration process.
1. Replace the `Enter_client_secret_here` placeholder value with the client secret you generated as part of the app registration process.
1. Save your changes.

## Run the sample

1. Open a terminal window and run the command `npm install` to install all package dependencies.
1. Run the command `npm start` to start the web server.
1. To test the add-in in Outlook, you need to sideload it. Follow the instructions at [Sideload an Office Add-in for testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing) to sideload the sample.

> 1. Compose a new email. The email will display a notification that it will append a signature.

Reviewer: This seems to be missing the "Sign in and consent" step.

Author: That step is done during registration, but I added a note here in case it gets missed. You can consent by opening the task pane, and choosing the consent button.

> 1. Compose a new email. The email will display a notification that it will append a signature.

Reviewer: I never received a notifification or signature, only this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38896772/232875986-9f050e37-bf34-4239-a21b-86101887fe20.png)

Author: Most likely the lacking consent error.

- Implement a server REST API that uses the [Microsoft identity platform and OAuth 2.0 On-Behalf-Of flow](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow) to exchange the user's access token for a new access token with permissions to the users profile on Microsoft Graph.
- Use the [Microsoft Graph API](https://developer.microsoft.com/graph/docs/api-reference/v1.0/resources/onedrive) to get user profile data such as display name and job title.
- Construct a signature in the mail item containing the user profile data.

## Register the add-in with Microsoft identity platform

Use the following values for the subsequent app registration steps.

| Placeholder or section | Value          |
|------------------------|----------------|
| `<add-in-name>`          | `outlook-event-sso-sample` |
| `<fully-qualified-domain-name>` | `localhost:3000` |
| Microsoft Graph permissions | profile, openid, user.read |

Follow the steps in [Register an Office Add-in that uses single sign-on (SSO) with the Microsoft identity platform](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/register-sso-add-in-aad-v2).

> > Note: The instructions have you create a redirect URI for a single-page application. This step isn't necessary for this sample because it doesn't use a fallback authentication approach if SSO fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: The instructions tell you to create a redirect URI for a single-page application. This step isn't necessary for this sample because it doesn't use a fallback authentication approach if SSO fails.
```

## Configure the Sample

Before you run the sample, you'll need to do a few things to make it work properly.

> 

Author: added. thanks!

> - In Visual Studio Code (or editor of your choice) , open the root folder for this sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In Visual Studio Code (or editor of your choice), open the root folder for this sample.
```

### Update manifest.xml

1. Open the **manifest.xml** file.
1. Find the `<WebApplicationInfo>` section near the bottom of the manifest. Then replace the `Enter_client_ID_here` value, in both places where it appears, with the application ID you generated as part of the app registration process.

> >Note: Make sure that the port number in the `Resource` element matches the port used by your project. It should also match the port you used when registering the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Make sure that the port number in the `Resource` element matches the port used by your project. It should also match the port you used when registering the application.
```

### Update .ENV

1. Open the **.ENV** file.
1. Replace the `Enter_client_ID_here` placeholder value with the application ID you generated as part of the app registration process.
1. Replace the `Enter_client_secret_here` placeholder value with the client secret you generated as part of the app registration process.

## Provide user consent to the app

> If you want to try the add-in using a different tenant than the one where you registered the app, you need to do this step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to try the add-in using a different tenant than the one where you registered the app, you need to complete this step.
```

You have two choices for providing consent:

- All users. Use an administrator account and consent once for all users in your Office 365 tenant
- Single user. Use any account to consent for just that user

### Provide admin consent for all users

> If you have access to a tenant administrator account, this method allows you to provide consent for all users in your organization, which can be convenient if you have multiple developers that need to develop and test your add-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have access to a tenant administrator account, this method allows you to provide consent for all users in your organization. This is convenient if you have multiple developers that need to develop and test your add-in.
```

1. Browse to `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/adminconsent?client_id={application_ID}&state=12345`, where `{application_ID}` is the application ID shown in your app registration.
1. Sign in with your administrator account.
1. Review the permissions and click **Accept**.

The browser will attempt to redirect back to your app, which may not be running. You might see a "this site cannot be reached" error after clicking **Accept**. This is OK, the consent was still recorded.

### Provide consent for a single user

> If you don't have access to a tenant administrator account, or you just want to limit consent to a few users, this method allows you to provide consent for a single user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have access to a tenant administrator account, or you want to limit consent to a few users, this method allows you to provide consent for a single user.
```

1. Browse to `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize?client_id={application_ID}&state=12345&response_type=code`, where `{application_ID}` is the application ID shown in your app registration.
1. Sign in with your account.
1. Review the permissions and click **Accept**.

The browser will attempt to redirect back to your app, which may not be running. You might see a "this site cannot be reached" error after clicking **Accept**. This is OK, the consent was still recorded.

> ## Run the Sample

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Run the sample
```

> ## Run the Sample

Reviewer 3: Should there be steps to use the task pane to get user profile information?

Author: added

1. Open a terminal window and run the command `npm install` to install all package dependencies.
1. Run the command `npm start` to start the web server.

> 1. You need to sideload the add-in into Outlook to test it. Follow the instructions at [Sideload an Office Add-in for Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing) to sideload the sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To test the add-in in Outlook, you need to sideload it. Follow the instructions at [Sideload an Office Add-in for Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing) to sideload the sample.
```
